`Debug` trait and its auto implementation (#7015)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/book/src/reference/compiler_intrinsics.md

- `item` is a reference to an array or a reference to a slice;
- when `index` is a literal, it must be smaller than `item` length;

---

```sway
__dbg(value: T) -> T
```

> **Description:** Automatically calls the `Debug` trait on the passed `value`, with file, line and column information. The value is returned to allow be used inside any expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description:** Automatically calls the `Debug` trait on the passed `value`, with file, line and column information. The value is returned to allow to be used inside of any expression.
```

Author: Done.

> Only generate the expected output in `Debug` mode, when in `Release` behaves as identity function, just returning the passed value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only generates the expected output in `Debug` mode. When in `Release`, it behaves as identity function, just returning the passed value.
```

Author: I replaced this paragraph.

> To enable the output generation in "Release", must be enabled in the project `Forc.toml`

Reviewer: This formulation sounds confusing to me. What exactly must be enabled and how? Having an example here how to enable it in the `Forc.toml` would IMO be very beneficial.

```suggestion
To enable the output generation in `Release` mode, must be enabled in the project's `Forc.toml`.
```

Author: Done.

- `item` is a reference to an array or a reference to a slice;
- when `index` is a literal, it must be smaller than `item` length;

---

```sway

> __dbg(value: T) -> T

Reviewer: As addition to the discussion on typechecking the `__dbg` argument, shouldn't the signature be:
```
__dbg<T>(value: T) -> T where T: Debug
```
(Noticed now that `<T>` is missing in the docs :smile:)

Author: Done. I also fixed other missing places.

- `item` is a reference to an array or a reference to a slice;
- when `index` is a literal, it must be smaller than `item` length;

---

```sway
__dbg<T>(value: T) -> T where T: Debug
```

**Description:** Automatically calls the `Debug` trait on the passed `value`, with file, line and column information. The passed value is returned without any modification, allowing `__dbg(...)` to be used inside of any expression.

The code generated by this intrinsic function varies with the compilation mode. For example:

```terminal
forc build            <- will print everything as expected
forc build --release  <- nothing will be printed
```

To enable code generation even on `Release` builds, the flag `force-dbg-in-release` needs to be enabled inside `forc.toml`.
Example:

```toml
[project]
authors = ["Fuel Labs <contact@fuel.sh>"]
license = "Apache-2.0"
entry = "main.sw"
name = "some-project"
force-dbg-in-release = true
```

It is strongly suggested to always remove this flag before publishing binaries as it will not have any effect when running

> on real nodes and it only increases gas usage.

Reviewer 2: Wondering whether we should even charge gas for debug since this doesnt affect real nodes.
I can imagine scenario's where one has a ton of debug's in code and also wants to gas-golf; but then they'll need to remove/comment out all these lines.

Reviewer: Actually `__dbg` will always be removed in release unless `force_dbg_in_release` is set. And for that flag, I expect it to be set only once either in project or workspace `Forc.toml` file. So the removal is actually removal of that one line in `Forc.toml` file.

Reviewer 2: Ah makes sense yep; the fact escaped me that this line is stripped out entirely; so obviously there will be no gas used for this.
